A man with glasses holds a small dark-haired child.
A person in a light blue outfit is racing a dirt bike through a course in the woods.
Man wearing glasses and a hat shoveling snow.
A man wearing a black shirt and denim jeans is striking a pose with his left hand on a sign
A performer wearing a h
Two children play in the snow by the side of the road.
Large group of people marching for some cause.
A woman pulls two pumpkins in a red wagon through a garden area.
Two draft horses, hitched to a covered wagon that looked as if it could hold a number of passengers, stood quietly as an older woman looked at an older man in the wagon.
A person in a cowboy hat rides a tan horse.
Two young black men in uniforms are smiling and give the thumbs up.
Olympic swimmers leaving the starting block at the 2012 London Olympics.
Two women, one with a black and red helmet and the other with a white helmet with a star, that are skating.
Two young men are having good time.
An Indian woman gathers a plate of food.
A man in a black shirt and jeans is working on a blue piece of fabric.
A woman is sitting at a table with raw meat.
A group of ladies in the cold cheer with American flags.
A boy is kayaking on a river.
A man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street.
A basketball player dribbles the ball during a game.
A balding man in a khaki parka stands near the Bryant Park Newsstand on a cold, wet, cloudy day; skyscrapers fade into the foggy background.
A child reads while sitting on a stone street.
Many people waiting in traffic.
A man rides a bike through a course.
Roofer going to get the rest of his tools after realizing the chainsaw isn't the right tool for the job.
A man in a red jacket and blue scarf slips on his shoe near a doorway.
The brightly dressed middle eastern women are conversing in the market.
A snowboarder wearing an orange jacket in midair.
A bunch of soccer players jumping to hit the ball.
A man with a white hat and sunglasses holding a fish.